Fix changelog (#41)
ReachFive/identity-ios-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

- Passwordless code verifification
- Passwordless intercept magic link

### Breaking changes

> - The login with provider require scope parameter `login(scope: [String]?, origin: String, viewController: UIViewController?)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The login with provider requires now the `scope` parameter `login(scope: [String]?, origin: String, viewController: UIViewController?).`
```

> - remove `signedUid` field from Profile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove the `signedUid` field from the [Profile](https://developer.reach5.co/api/identity-ios/#profile) model.
```
